mir.game.adas.R$attr: int extraInformation
mir.game.adas.R$drawable: int adas1
mir.game.adas.R$drawable: int adas2
mir.game.adas.R$drawable: int adas3
mir.game.adas.R$drawable: int adas4
mir.game.adas.R$drawable: int ic_action_info
mir.game.adas.R$drawable: int ic_action_new
mir.game.adas.R$drawable: int ic_action_photo
mir.game.adas.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
mir.game.adas.R$drawable: int ic_list_remove
mir.game.adas.R$id: int action_flip
mir.game.adas.R$id: int action_next
mir.game.adas.R$id: int action_previous
mir.game.adas.R$id: int content
mir.game.adas.R$id: int mainlayout
mir.game.adas.R$id: int myImage
mir.game.adas.R$id: int myText
mir.game.adas.R$id: int pager
mir.game.adas.R$layout: int activity_main
mir.game.adas.R$layout: int activity_screen_slide
mir.game.adas.R$layout: int fragment_screen_slide_page
mir.game.adas.R$menu: int activity_screen_slide
mir.game.adas.R$raw: int adasmaster
mir.game.adas.R$string: int action_back
mir.game.adas.R$string: int action_download
mir.game.adas.R$string: int action_finish
mir.game.adas.R$string: int action_next
mir.game.adas.R$string: int action_previous
mir.game.adas.R$string: int action_reload
mir.game.adas.R$string: int app_name
mir.game.adas.R$string: int ask_exit
mir.game.adas.R$string: int info_attention
mir.game.adas.R$string: int info_downloading
mir.game.adas.R$string: int no
mir.game.adas.R$string: int title_screen_animals
mir.game.adas.R$string: int title_screen_animals_exam
mir.game.adas.R$string: int title_update_local
mir.game.adas.R$string: int yes
mir.game.adas.R$styleable: int[] TextView
mir.game.adas.R$styleable: int TextView_android_text
mir.game.adas.R$styleable: int TextView_android_textColor
mir.game.adas.R$styleable: int TextView_extraInformation
